docs/requirements.md, before:

# Requirements of SauceDemo

The requirements are based on exploration and observed application behaviour.

## REQ-01: Valid user login

Users should be able to login with valid credentials.

## REQ-02: Invalid user login

Users should not be able to login and recieve related error message for invalid attempts.

## REQ-03: User login security

Users should be able to type their password and the password should be masked.

## REQ-04: User login keyboard accessibility

Users should be able to navigate through the login page using only the keyboard without mouse action.

## REQ-06: Navbar

Users should be able to interact with the navbar and navigate to related pages.

## REQ-07: Logout

Users should be able to logout from their account.

## REQ-08: Product catalog

Users should be able to:

1. View products from the product catalog
2. Add products from the product catalog
3. Remove products from the product catalog.

## REQ-09: Item listing

Users should be able to list the order of the items according to the selected preference.

## REQ-10: Item page

Users should be able to:

1. View the content of the selected item from the catalog.
2. Add and remove the item from the cart.
3. Return back to the products page.

## REQ-11: Shopping cart

Users should be able to:

1. See shopping cart icon getting updated correctly.
2. Remove items from the cart.
3. Choose to proceed to checkout if the cart contains at least one item or continue shopping.
4. View the content of their shopping cart, ensuring right items are displayed.

## REQ-12: Checkout process

1. Users should provide first name, last name and postal code before proceeding to checkout.
2. Users should be able to view their payment information, shipping information and price information including tax.
3. Users should be able to complete checkout successfuly after providing personal information that is needed.
4. After the completion of the checkout process users should recieve confirmation message.

Commit message:

Updated requirements for product catalog and item pages

docs/requirements.md, after:

# Requirements of SauceDemo

The requirements are based on exploration and observed application behaviour.

## REQ-01: Valid user login

Users should be able to login with valid credentials.

## REQ-02: Invalid user login

Users should not be able to login and recieve related error message for invalid attempts.

## REQ-03: User login security

Users should be able to type their password and the password should be masked.

## REQ-04: User login keyboard accessibility

Users should be able to navigate through the login page using only the keyboard without mouse action.

## REQ-06: Navbar

Users should be able to interact with the navbar and navigate to related pages.

## REQ-07: Logout

Users should be able to logout from their account.

## REQ-08: Product catalog

Users should be able to:

1. View products from the product catalog
2. Add products from the product catalog
3. Remove products from the product catalog.
4. Add to cart and remove buttons should be updated as the item is added and removed.

## REQ-09: Item listing

Users should be able to list the order of the items according to the selected preference.

## REQ-10: Item page

Users should be able to:

1. View the content of the selected item from the catalog.
2. Add and remove the item from the cart.
3. Add to cart and remove buttons should be updated as the item is added and removed.
4. Return back to the products page.

## REQ-11: Shopping cart

Users should be able to:

1. See shopping cart icon getting updated correctly.
2. Remove items from the cart.
3. Choose to proceed to checkout if the cart contains at least one item or continue shopping.
4. View the content of their shopping cart, ensuring right items are displayed.

## REQ-12: Checkout process

1. Users should provide first name, last name and postal code before proceeding to checkout.
2. Users should be able to view their payment information, shipping information and price information including tax.
3. Users should be able to complete checkout successfuly after providing personal information that is needed.
4. After the completion of the checkout process users should recieve confirmation message.
